now after you're done setting up your
wallet and you've installed metamask
what i have found is that you often need
to restart chrome in order for it to be
fully compatible with everything
so restart chrome and then keep the
password that you filled in when you
created your account not the secret
phrase but the password you filled in
because you'll need to fill it in again
to log in now once you restart chrome
and you go back to openc we can now
press the connect your wallet button and
then we can press meta mask
and then by pressing meta mask it'll
open up this pop-up where we need to
fill in our password to unlock metamask
and then it can say hey connect openc to
meta mask select the account you want to
connect so we'll select the account we
just created you can create multiple
wallets in metamask but it creates one
by default and we'll connect that one
and then it'll ask you connect account
with this address allow to view
addresses permitted accounts we press
connect
and now
our wallet is connected to openc
our complete usd wallet
and so now that we have our wallet
connected we can actually go to our
account our profile and we can see that
our metamask account
is here
awesome
so now we can start
playing around with what we can do on
openc so let's dive into that